Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET
(JAMES BOND THEME SONG PLAYING)
(CHATTERING IN KOREAN)
(PANTING)
Look, what is this? I'm supposed to...
(BEEPING)
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
(GRUNTS)
I am Zao. You are late.
Mr. Van Bierk. I've been
looking forward to this meeting.
Me, too.
My African military friends owe you
many thanks, Colonel Moon.
Few men have the guts to trade
conflict diamonds since the UN embargo.
I know all about the UN.
I studied at Oxford and Harvard.
Majored in Western hypocrisy.
(ENGINE REVVING)
From your modest little collection of cars,
I would never have guessed.
- Show me the diamonds.
- Show me the weapons.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Hiding weapons in the de-militarized zone.
- BOND: It's a bit of a minefield out there.
- America's cultural contribution.
One million landmines and
my hovercrafts float right over them.
RPGs, flamethrowers, automatic weapons,
and enough ammunition
to run a small war.
My diamonds?
Don't blow it all at once.
I have special plans for this consignment.
His name is James Bond,
a British assassin.
Mr. Van Bierk,
let me show you something.
Our new tank buster.
Depleted uranium shells, naturally.
Naturally.
And how do you propose to kill me now,
Mr. Bond?
It's pathetic that you British still believe
you have the right to police the world.
But you will not live to see the day
all Korea is ruled by the North.
Then you and I have something
in common.
(GENERAL MOON SPEAKING KOREAN
ON INTERCOM)
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
(SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING IN KOREAN)
(BELL TOLLING)
Saved by the bell.
My son is dead.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
(DIE ANOTHER DAY PLAYING)
(SINGING) I'm gonna wake up
Yes and no
I'm gonna kiss Some of part of
I'm gonna keep this secret
I'm gonna close my body now
I guess I die another day
I guess I'll die another day
Another day
Sigmund Freud
Analyze this, analyze this
Analyze this
I'm gonna break the cycle
I'm gonna shake up the system
I'm gonna destroy my ego
I'm gonna close my body now
Uh, uh
I'll think I'll find another way
There's so much more to know
I guess I'll die another day
It's not my time to go
For every sin I'll have to pay
I've come to work I've come to play
I think I'll find another way
It's not my time to go
I'm gonna avoid the cliche
I'm gonna suspend my senses
I'm gonna delay my pleasure
I'm gonna close my body now
I guess, die another day
I guess I'll die another day
I think I'll find another way
There's so much more to know
I guess I'll die another day
It's not my time to go
Uh
I guess, die another day
I guess I'll die another day
Another day, another day
Another day
- I don't condone what they do here.
- Tell it to the concierge.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Still you jest. Defiant to the last.
Your people have abandoned you,
your very existence denied.
Why stay silent?
It doesn't matter anymore.
Things are out of my hands.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
- We reach the end, Mr. Bond.
- Spare me the unpleasantries.
Fifty years after the superpowers
carved Korea in two,
and then you arrive.
A British spy, an assassin.
And now the hard-liners have their proof.
We cannot trust the West.
You...
You took away my son.
Your firing squad should have
done the job for me.
I hoped a Western education
would help him
become a bridge between our worlds.
- But all it did was to corrupt him.
- Let's get this over with, shall we?
My son had an ally in the West.
For the last time, who was it?
Who made him betray
his country and his name?
The same person who betrayed me.
Turn around.
(MAN SPEAKING KOREAN)
Start walking.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
MAN ON PA: Keep walking, please.
Keep moving.
Zao.
I'm being traded
for you.
Keep moving. Keep walking, please.
- Your time will come.
- Not as soon as yours.
Keep walking, please.
Look at him.
MAN 1: Double check.
You'd think he was some kind of a hero.
MAN 1: Reference nine.
MAN 2: Sir.
MAN 1: Section four.
Okay, hold him tight. Got him.
(GROANING)
Watch his legs, now.
All right, let's go.
MAN ON SPEAKER: No biological agents
in the prelim scan. He's clean.
Pulse, 72. Blood pressure, 120/80.
Indications of neurotoxins, histamines,
serotonin and enzyme inhibitors.
Scorpion venom.
Note also traces of a venom antiserum.
They'd sting him,
then administer the antidote.
Yet his internal organs seem unaffected.
Liver not too good.
It's definitely him, then.
Morning.
Welcome back.
Such hospitality.
(CLUNKS)
You don't seem too pleased to see me.
If I'd had my way,
you'd still be in North Korea.
Your freedom came at too high a price.
Zao.
He tried to blow up a summit
between South Korea and China.
Took out three Chinese agents
before he was caught.
And now he's free.
I never asked to be traded.
I'd rather die in prison than let him loose.
- You had your cyanide.
- Threw it away years ago.
What the hell is this all about?
The top American agent
in the North Korean High Command
was executed a week ago.
The Americans intercepted a signal
from your prison naming him.
- And they think it's me?
- You were the only inmate.
They concluded you cracked under torture
and were hemorrhaging information.
We had to get you out.
And what do you think?
With the drugs they were giving you,
you wouldn't know what
you did or didn't say.
I know the rules.
And number one is, no deals.
Get caught and you're given up.
The mission was compromised.
Moon got a call exposing me.
He had a partner in the West.
Even his father knew about it.
- Whether that's true or not, it's irrelevant.
- No, it isn't.
The same person who set me up then
has just set me up again to get Zao out.
So I'm going after him.
The only place you're going is
our evaluation center in the Falklands.
- Double-0 status rescinded.
- Along with my freedom?
For as long as I deem necessary, yes.
You're no use to anyone now.
(BEEPING)
(WOMAN SPEAKING KOREAN)
(FLATLINE BEEP)
(ALARM RINGING)
- NURSE: He's gone into cardiac arrest.
- Get the crash cart.
Notify his superiors. Now.
- NURSE: He's flat-lining on the ECG.
- Stand by.
DOCTOR: 200 joules. 300.
NURSE: We need some CPR.
DOCTOR: Get me some atropine.
We're losing him! Stand by. Clear.
I'm checking out.
Thanks for the kiss of life.
MAN ON PA: Security breach on level
three. All personnel, defensive code red.
Apprehend and detain with force.
Security breach on level three.
All personnel, defensive code red.
Apprehend and detain with force.
Security breach on level three.
All personnel, defensive code red.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
My goodness, standards have fallen.
No tie, dear me.
My usual suite, please.
Do you have a credit card?
Or even any luggage, sir?
Mr. Bond, so good to see you.
It's been a long time.
Mr. Chang.
(SPEAKING CANTONESE)
Perhaps you could send up
my tailor and some food.
The lobster's good,
with quails' eggs and sliced seaweed.
Mmm-hmm.
And if there's any left, a '61 Bollinger.
Of course.
Been busy, have we, Mr. Bond?
Just surviving, Mr. Chang. Just surviving.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
I am Peaceful Fountains of Desire,
the masseuse.
I come with compliments of the manager.
I'm sure you do. Come in.
On the bed, please. Face down.
Yes, of course.
I'm not that kind of masseuse.
I'm not that kind of customer.
You think I haven't always known
you're Chinese Intelligence, Chang?
- Hong Kong's our turf now, Bond.
- Yeah, well, don't worry about it.
I'm not here to take it back.
(SPEAKING CANTONESE)
Put your hands down.
- What the hell do you want?
- Just to help you settle a score.
Zao killed three of your men.
You get me into North Korea,
I'll take care of him for you.
What's in it for you?
Chance to get even.
Zao has information I need.
- I'll have to ask Beijing.
- Do it. Now get out.
Unless you really wanna
give me a massage.
(SPEAKING CANTONESE)
Mr. Bond.
A little thank-you from us.
Cuba?
It seems Mr. Zao has lost himself
in Havana.
If you find him, say goodbye from us.
With pleasure.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
I'm here to pick up some Delectados.
Delectados?
We haven't made Delectados in 30 years.
Universal Exports. Check with your boss.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Universal Exports.
Follow me. Your passport, senor.
(MAN READING IN SPANISH)
I'd come to think the Delectados
would never be smoked.
They are particularly hazardous
for one's health, Mr...
- Bond.
- Mr. Bond.
- Do you know why?
- It's the addition of the Volado tobacco.
Slow burning. It never goes out.
- Just like a sleeper.
- Sorry for the rude awakening.
I love my country, Mr. Bond.
I'd never ask you to betray your people.
I'm after a North Korean.
- A tourist?
- A terrorist.
One man's terrorist is
another man's freedom fighter.
Zao has no interest
in other people's freedom.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
I still have some friends in high places.
Favors called in,
some dollars spread about.
We find your friend is here,
on an island, in Los Organos.
There is a strange clinic
run by Dr. Alvarez.
He leads the field in gene therapy,
increasing the life expectancy
of our beloved leaders.
And, of course, the richest Westerners.
We may have lost our freedom
in the revolution,
but we have a health system
second to none.
You don't seem to have done
too badly out of the revolution.
We all have our ways of getting by.
You'd be surprised how many
government officials come to me
- for real reminders of the decadent times.
- Yeah, well...
- Mind if I borrow these?
- Please.
My sources tell me
this Zao is very dangerous.
I wish I could give you more help.
I could use a fast car.
Mojito, por favor.
Mr. Krug, your admittance papers
for the Alvarez Clinic tomorrow.
About bloody time, Fidel.
Now, round up some more girls
and take them to Room 42.
Unless you want to be known
as Fidel Castrato.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Magnificent view.
It is, isn't it?
Too bad it's lost on everybody else.
Mojito?
You should try it.
Giacinta Johnson. My friends call me Jinx.
My friends call me James Bond.
- Jinx, you say?
- Born on Friday the 13th.
Do you believe in bad luck?
Let's just say my relationships
don't seem to last.
Mmm. I know the feeling.
The predators usually appear at sunset.
And why is that?
It's when their prey comes out to drink.
Too strong for you?
I could learn to like it.
If I had the time.
How much time have you got?
- Until dawn. What about you?
- I'm just here for the birds.
- Ornithologist.
- Ornithologist, huh?
Wow, now there's a mouthful.
So you're gonna be busy tonight
with the owls then, huh?
No owls in Los Organos.
Nothing to see till the morning.
Not out there, anyway.
So, what do predators do
when the sun goes down?
They feast
like there's no tomorrow.
Are you always this frisky?
I've been missing the touch
of a good woman.
Who says I'm good?
What the hell do you want?
- I don't need a goddamn wheelchair.
- No?
You do now.
(GREETING IN SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Okay.
So, you are to have
DNA-replacement therapy.
Let me explain the two phases.
First, we kill off your bone marrow,
wipe the DNA slate clean.
Phase two,
introduction of new DNA,
harvested from healthy donors.
Orphans, runaways,
people that won't be missed.
I like to think of myself as an artist.
And this is when I create.
Thank you.
It is a painful process, I'm afraid,
but all great art is.
I'll certainly enjoy working on you.
Of course, you know, most artists are only
truly appreciated after they're dead.
(MEN CHATTERING IN SPANISH)
RECORDED VOICE: My father was
a sergeant. We lived in Hampshire.
I have fond memories of the countryside.
(MAN 1 SPEAKING KOREAN)
(MAN 2 SPEAKING GERMAN)
(GROANS)
Good. Got your attention.
Who's bankrolling your makeover, Zao?
Same person who set me up
in North Korea?
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(ALARM RINGING)
James? What's going on?
Jinx, you gotta get out of here now!
Move! Move!
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Move it! Move it! Move it!
Let's go!
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
You see, my friend,
the chemical composition shows
this is from Sierra Leone.
Conflict diamonds.
There's some kind of marking here.
- "GG."
- Let me see.
Yes.
From the Graves Corporation in Iceland.
That's his laser signature.
A man called Gustav Graves
discovered diamonds there
a year or so ago.
Yet they're identical to conflict diamonds.
What an amazing coincidence.
(CHUCKLING)
FALCO: How can he escape
from a British warship,
right in the middle of Hong Kong
harbor, right under your nose?
- Interesting station, Moneypenny?
- All I got was a storm warning.
You were supposed
to throw away the key,
not leave the door wide open.
Are you implying I had
a hand in his escape, Mr. Falco?
Well, Bond got away real fast, didn't he?
It is what he's trained to do.
Your boy's been very busy in his training.
He showed up in Cuba and torches a clinic.
Listen, you put your house in order
or we're gonna do it for you.
Your drink, sir.
Lucky I asked for it shaken.
(LONDON CALLING PLAYING)
(SINGING) London calling
To the faraway towns
Now that war is declared
And battle come down
London calling
To the underworld
Come out of the cupboard
All you boys and girls
- When's he coming?
- I don't know.
- Looks like your man's not gonna make it.
- Actually, he's right on time.
London calling
See we ain't got no swing
'Cause London is drowning
And I live by the river
What a wonderful day to become a knight.
Will you be using your title, Mr. Graves?
No. You know me,
I'm proud of my adopted nation,
but I'd never stand on ceremony.
After an entrance like that,
you can't be surprised
you're being called a self-publicizing
adrenaline junkie, can you?
I prefer the term adventurer.
We've been hearing rumors about
the Icarus space program.
What's the big secret?
It's not a secret. It's a surprise.
But don't worry,
you'll soon be enlightened.
You seem to work 24/7.
Is it true that you don't need sleep?
You only get one shot at life.
Why waste it on sleep?
Aren't you trying out for a place on
the British Olympic fencing team?
- We hear you've been training furiously.
- I never get furious.
As they say in fencing, "What's the point?"
All right, everybody, thank you very much.
I'm sure you'll understand we don't want
to keep Her Majesty waiting any longer.
- Mr. Graves.
(ALL CLAMORING)
(SWORDS CLANKING)
MAN: Hit.
That's a hit.
(BUZZER BUZZES)
Hit.
Verity?
James Bond.
Your lesson.
I see you handle your weapon well.
I have been known to keep my tip up.
Do you mind? I think I've come undone.
Why not?
(BUZZER BUZZES)
MAN: Hit. Positions. Play.
Feast your eyes
on the finest blade in the club.
(BUZZER BUZZES)
- Gustav Graves?
- Mmm-mmm.
His publicist, Miranda Frost.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
My protege. Gorgeous, isn't she?
She took the gold at Sydney.
- By default, if I remember.
- Default?
The one who beat her OD'd on steroids.
Miranda deserved that gold.
Now she's teaching Graves
how to win one.
He only plays for cash.
He's won so much,
nobody else wants to fight him.
You wanna meet him?
Absolutely.
Lead on.
- Gustav?
- Verity.
- And Mr...
- Bond.
James Bond.
- Have we met before?
- I think I'd remember.
Of course you would. My mistake.
- Are you a gambling man, Mr. Bond?
- If the stakes are right.
A thousand a point too much for you?
Care to place a bet, Verity?
No, thanks.
I don't like cockfights.
Shall we?
Excuse me.
Best of three hits?
MAN: Positions.
Ready. Play.
En garde.
(BUZZER BUZZES)
Hit.
Positions.
Play.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(BUZZER BUZZES)
MAN: Hit.
Two-nil.
Do you want to continue?
- You wanna up the wager?
- How much can you afford?
Let's play for this.
I picked it up in Cuba.
I believe it's one of yours.
My, my. They do get around.
But then, diamonds are for everyone.
Brilliant specimen. Completely flawless.
And chemically identical
to African conflict diamonds.
Then you're about to lose
something very precious.
MAN: Positions.
Ready. Play.
En garde.
(GRUNTING)
Oh, dear.
You want to continue?
Of course I want to bloody continue!
But since we're upping the wager,
let's up the weapons, shall we?
Yeah.
Let's do this the old-fashioned way.
First blood drawn from the torso.
That is enough!
It's just a little sport, Miranda.
Seems you beat me, Mr. Bond.
Settle downstairs, shall we?
Miranda.
You're a rare challenge, Mr. Bond.
Look, I'm putting on
a little scientific demonstration
in Iceland at the weekend. Icarus?
Perhaps you could join us. Miranda,
make the arrangements, would you?
Once I've smoothed things over
with the club.
What would I do without you?
Can I expect the pleasure of you
in Iceland?
I'm afraid you'll never
have that pleasure, Mr. Bond.
Excuse me, Commander Bond.
Someone left this for you.
Place needed redecorating, anyway.
I heard of this place.
Never thought I'd find myself here.
Some things are best kept underground.
Abandoned station for abandoned agents.
- Your calling card.
- So, what have you got on Graves?
You burn me
- and now you want my help?
- What did you expect, an apology?
I know you'll do whatever it takes
to get the job done.
- Just like you.
- The difference is, I won't compromise.
Well, I don't have the luxury of
seeing things as black and white.
- While you were away, the world changed.
- Not for me.
You're suspicious of Graves,
or I wouldn't be here right now.
- So, what do you have?
- Nothing beyond the official biography.
Orphan working
in an Argentinean diamond mine,
learns engineering, makes a huge find
in Iceland and gives half of it to charity.
From nothing to everything
in no time at all.
- And his demonstration this weekend?
- Probably just another publicity stunt.
Now, tell me what you know
about this Cuban clinic.
Gene therapy. New identities
courtesy of DNA transplants.
So-called beauty parlor.
We'd heard rumors of such a place.
I didn't think it really existed.
It doesn't anymore.
Zao got away, but he left these behind.
All from Gustav Graves' mine.
I think it's a front for laundering
African conflict diamonds.
We need to tread carefully.
Graves is politically connected.
Lucky I'm on the outside, then.
Well, it seems you've become useful again.
Then maybe it's time
you let me get on with my job.
(GUNS FIRING)
Forgive my mentioning it, 007,
but a perfect marksman
isn't really supposed
to shoot his own boss.
Check the replay.
You'll find he's dead,
and she's only got a flesh wound.
There's always an excuse,
isn't there, double-0 zero?
Give me the old firing range any day,
Quartermaster.
Yes, but it's called the future,
so get used to it.
So this is where they keep
the old relics, then, eh?
I'll have you know this is where our most
cutting-edge technology is developed.
- Point taken.
- Must you touch everything?
Does this still work?
- Now, look...
- So where is this cutting-edge stuff?
I'm trying to get to it.
Weapon, please.
One pane unbreakable glass,
one standard-issue ring finger.
Twist so. Voila.
(SURGING)
Ultra-high frequency,
single-digit, sonic agitator unit.
You know, you're cleverer than you look.
Hmm. Still, better than looking cleverer
than you are. Follow me, please.
Now, a new watch.
This will be your 20th, I believe.
- How time flies.
- Yes, well, 007,
why don't you establish a record
by actually returning this one?
(BEEPING)
Your new transportation.
(RUMBLING)
- Maybe you've been down here too long.
- The ultimate in British engineering.
You must be joking.
As I learned from my predecessor, Bond,
I never joke about my work.
Aston Martin call it the Vanquish.
We call it the Vanish.
(EXHALES)
- Very good.
- Adaptive camouflage.
Tiny cameras on all sides
project the image they see
onto a light-emitting polymer skin
on the opposite side.
You see, to the casual eye,
it's as good as invisible.
Plus all the usual refinements,
ejector seat, torpedoes,
target-seeking shotguns
to shoot down mobile objects.
Why don't you acquaint yourself
with the manual?
Should be able to shoot through that
in a couple of hours.
Just took a few seconds, Q.
Wish I could make you vanish.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Come in.
Before you leave on
your mission for Iceland,
tell me what you know of James Bond.
He's a double-0,
and a wild one, as I discovered today.
He'll light the fuse on
any explosive situation
and be a danger to himself and others.
Kill first, ask questions later.
I think he's a blunt instrument
whose primary method
is to provoke and confront.
A man nobody can get close to.
A womanizer.
Well, you're going to be seeing
a lot more of him in Iceland.
With great respect,
a man like him could blow my cover.
Miss Frost,
you volunteered for this operation,
but in three months,
you've turned up next to nothing.
Graves seems to be clean.
Well, Bond thinks differently,
so I'm going to let him do
what you so ably described,
mix things up a little with Mr. Graves.
And with you there,
things won't be able to get out of hand.
In your three years in cryptology,
you've managed to keep
business and pleasure separate.
You haven't fraternized with any of your
fellow agents, despite several advances.
I think it would be foolish to get involved
with someone within the community.
Especially James Bond.
- I'm Mr. Kil.
- Well, there's a name to die for.
(WHOOSHING)
324 miles an hour.
That's a new personal best, boss.
Thruster two cut out again.
Get it fixed, will you?
Glad you could make it, Mr. Bond.
How did you like my run?
Looked like a man on the edge
of losing control.
It's only by being on the edge
that we know who we really are,
under the skin.
Take your Donald Campbell,
1967, the Bluebird. Water speed record.
- Campbell died on his return run.
- Yeah, but he died chasing a dream.
- Isn't that the way to go?
- I'd rather not go at all.
I see you don't chase dreams,
you live them.
One of the virtues of never sleeping,
Mr. Bond.
I have to live my dreams.
Besides, plenty of time to sleep
when you're dead.
Mr. Bond.
- Miss Frost.
- I'll show you your room.
A palace of ice.
You must feel right at home.
This whole place was built
for tonight's demonstration.
I'm told the human element necessitates
a precise balance of heat and cold.
Built on a lake?
I hope Graves got things right.
What's that little property
I noticed next door?
The diamond mine
and Gustav's living quarters.
Thank you.
This is you.
Wonderful.
Would you like to show me more?
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
Vodka martini.
Plenty of ice, if you can spare it.
Mojito?
James. Here for the penguins this time?
Or for the view again?
Right now, I'm only interested
in endangered species.
Well, does that include me?
- Depends on what you're up to this time.
- So I left you in an explosive situation.
You're a big boy,
figured you could handle yourself.
No wonder your relationships don't last.
I'm a girl that just doesn't like
to get tied down.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
- You're still feeling the side effects?
- The insomnia is permanent for me.
An hour in the dream machine
keeps me sane.
- What happened to you?
- Bond.
He knows nothing.
I've been this close to him,
and he still didn't know who I really was.
- You saw my father after your exchange?
- Yes.
- General Moon still mourns your death.
- My death.
Mr. Bond.
- And Miss...
- Swift. Space and Technology magazine.
Really? I take it Mr. Bond's been
explaining his big bang theory?
- Yeah, I think I got the thrust of it.
- I see.
The demonstration's about
to begin in five minutes. Shall we?
Shall we?
- Not Jinx anymore?
- I'll always be a jinx to you.
(ALL CHEERING)
As you know, I'm always trying to give
the planet something in return
for what it has given me.
Those little shards of heaven
known as diamonds.
Now, diamonds aren't just
expensive stones.
They are the stuff of dreams.
And the means to make dreams real.
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
Imagine being able to bring light and
warmth to the darkest parts of the world.
Imagine being able to grow crops
the year round, bringing an end to hunger.
Imagine a second sun,
shining like a diamond in the sky.
Let there be light.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
I give you Icarus!
Icarus is unique.
Its miraculous silver skin
will inhale the sun's light
and breathe it gently
upon the Earth's surface.
You have no idea how much Icarus
is about to change your world.
And now, let us brighten this night
with our inner radiance.
MAN: That's a wrap.
- Vlad, show me the modifications.
- Yeah.
Here is the self-defense mechanism
you asked me to build in.
- 50,000 volts?
- A hundred.
Armed
- and very dangerous.
- Very.
(SPEAKING GERMAN)
(ALARM BLARING)
BOND: Mmm.
M warned me this would happen.
That's why you tried so hard
not to be interested in me.
God, you're even worse
than your file says.
(CHATTERING IN GERMAN)
They don't look too convinced.
Come on, put your back into it.
Remember, I know all about you, 007.
Sex for dinner, death for breakfast.
Well, it's not gonna work with me.
- No?
- No.
- You're getting good at this.
- Stop it. Are we still being watched?
- They left ages ago.
- God, you're impossible.
Come on, let's get out of here.
You'd better stay here tonight.
Keep up the charade of being lovers.
All right.
I must say, I admire your restraint.
You were here a full two hours
before anything blew up.
The way you're going,
you'll get us both killed.
James, tell me what really happened
in North Korea.
I was betrayed. That was all.
Occupational hazard.
- This is crazy. You're a double-0.
- It's only a number.
(GROANS)
James,
be careful.
Go back to your room.
I'll come back for you.
(GRUNTING)
Why do you want to kill me?
I thought it was the humane thing to do.
Who sent you?
Your mama, and she told me to tell you
she's really disappointed in you.
I'll let you in on a little secret.
This mine is fake, but the lasers are real.
She won't talk.
- Let's make it permanent.
- I'll use the laser.
Don't leave a mess.
(LASER BUZZING)
(JINX GRUNTING)
- Jinx?
- James! James! No, no!
Turn it off! Off! Off!
James, I could use a little help here.
Switch it off,
or I'm gonna be half the girl I used to be.
So, the girl who hates to be tied down?
Are you gonna get me off this thing?
- What are you, CIA?
- NSA.
- Hello, we're on the same side.
- Doesn't mean we're after the same thing.
Sure it does.
World peace, unconditional love, and
our little friend with the expensive acne.
- Zao?
- Yeah, Zao.
He's back there with some weird,
psychedelic light mask.
Probably brought it
from the clinic in Cuba.
He couldn't have brought it.
It was already here.
It belongs to another Korean, his boss.
I think we need Kil to give us a hand
to get out of here.
I got a better idea.
- I'm going to get backup.
- Wait.
Go to Miranda first. She's MI6.
Warn her to get out.
- And what are you gonna do?
- Unfinished business.
So you live to die another day,
Colonel.
At last. I was beginning to think
you'd never guess.
Was it painful?
- The gene therapy.
- You couldn't possibly imagine.
Good. I'm glad to hear that.
But there have been compensations.
Like watching you flail around
in your ignorance.
Granting you life, day by day,
just to see if you'd get wise.
It's been fun.
Well, the fun is about
to come to a dead end.
We only met briefly, you and I,
but you left a lasting impression.
You see,
when your intervention forced me
to present the world with a new face,
I chose to model
the disgusting Gustav Graves on you.
Just in the details.
That unjustifiable swagger.
Your crass quips, a defense mechanism
concealing such inadequacy.
My defense mechanism is right here.
So, Miss Frost is not all she seems.
Looks can be deceptive.
Yes.
By the way, did you find out
who betrayed you in North Korea?
Only a matter of time.
You never thought of looking
inside your own organization?
She was right under your nose.
(CLICKS)
It was so good of you
to bring your gun to bed with us.
Yes. Occupational hazard.
You see, I have a gift.
An instinct for sensing
people's weaknesses.
Yours is women. Hers and mine
is winning, whatever the cost.
So when I arranged for that fatal overdose
for the true victor at Sydney,
I won myself my very own MI6 agent,
using everything at my disposal,
her brains, her talent, even her sex.
The coldest weapon of all.
Hello.
Miranda?
There will be others after me,
you know that.
You mean your American friend, Jinx.
Soon to be the victim of a tragedy.
An ice palace can be
such a treacherous place.
Hand over the toys.
Oh, yeah.
You know, I've missed
your sparkling personality.
How's that for a punch line?
Kill him.
I enjoyed last night, James,
but it really is death for breakfast.
(SURGING)
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Kill him. Now!
- He got away.
- No matter.
The pleasure of the kill is in the chase.
Bring me the generals.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
Gentlemen,
I promised you a demonstration.
Now you will see the true power of Icarus.
The Western spy runs, but he cannot hide.
Icarus will lock on to the heat signature
and concentrate the sun's power.
Hey, boss, he beat your time.
(GRUNTING)
Time to draw the line.
Global warming is a terrible thing.
(MIRANDA EXCLAIMS)
Yeah, nice moves, just like Bond.
He was pretty vigorous last night, as well.
He did you?
- I didn't know he was that desperate.
- Well, he's not coming back for you.
He just died running,
trying to save his own skin.
Yeah.
That's pretty good tailoring.
I hope it doesn't shrink when it gets wet.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
We've got one hour to wrap this up.
Let's move.
(SNOWMOBILE APPROACHING)
(BEEP)
(ENGINE REVVING)
Come on, Jinx, where are you?
All units, report. Now!
(ENGINES ROARING)
ELECTRONIC VOICE:
Warning, adaptive camouflage failure.
Time to give the American her bath.
(WHEEZING)
Adaptive camouflage restored.
(GASPING)
(SCREAMING)
Vlad, does the word "ergonomics"
mean anything to you?
Man? Machine?
This is still a suitcase.
Finish it, will you?
(SURGING)
Keep going.
Come on, it's warm in here. Come on.
The cold kept you alive, huh?
It must've kept you alive.
Now, come on.
(COUGHING)
What took you so long?
I'm sorry.
(ALARM BUZZING)
Agent Johnson.
- James.
- Charles.
Okay, bring us up to speed on this.
Another large division has been mobilized
north of the DMZ.
That's 80,000 troops and counting.
And another million in reserve.
BOND: Moon's father won't let
this turn into a war.
General Moon's under arrest.
The hard-liners staged a coup last night.
The fact remains that you deliberately
misled me by implicating Bond.
If you'd told us about your agent
in the Cuban clinic...
She'd be dead already.
- Your mole would've made sure of that.
- We wouldn't have had a mole at all
if you'd disclosed the fact
that Miss Frost and Moon
were on the Harvard
fencing team together.
Knowing who to trust
is everything in this business.
Well, well, James Bond.
- Just in time for the fireworks.
- Let's get down to business.
We're at DEFCON 2.
And if the North goes south,
they're gonna go south bigtime.
You don't just stroll through
the world's biggest minefield.
You need some kind of an edge.
- Icarus.
- We're taking care of that
with an ASAT launch in one hour.
- Where's Graves?
- In the middle of a North Korean air base.
They're right where we can't touch them.
You can't,
- but I can.
- Look,
we're here in case things escalate,
not to make sure that they do.
No incursions into the North.
President gave me a direct order.
And when did that ever stop you?
Well, you make your own decision.
I'm sending in 007.
You think I'd leave this
in the hands of the British?
You go with him.
PILOT: Approaching drop zone.
(BEEPING)
Okay, let's go!
- They've entered North Korean airspace.
- Relax, Robinson.
If our radar can't see those Switchblades,
the North Koreans sure as hell can't.
Hey, boss, they launched against Icarus.
Leave it on automatic.
I hope nobody here is superstitious.
That's one big mirror we're about to break.
Oh, my God.
Mobilize the South Korean troops.
And get me the President, now!
Still no news of Bond?
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Vehicles.
Some big shots.
It's him.
- 300 meters.
- Windage, one and a half.
We gotta get on that plane.
You, have my father brought down.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
I don't know you.
(SIGHS)
You've always found it difficult
to accept me.
That made my exile easier to bear,
but I never forgot what you taught me.
In war, the victorious strategist
only seeks battle
- after the victory has been won.
- After the victory has been won.
You see, Father,
I remember my Art of War,
and this is what guarantees that victory.
My son,
what have you done to yourself?
Come, Father.
Watch the rising of your son.
The second that thing
hits the 38th parallel,
we're going to hit them
with everything we got.
That may not be enough.
Do you see, Father?
Icarus is clearing the minefield,
creating a highway for our troops.
If the Americans don't run,
Icarus will destroy them.
Japan is a bug waiting to be squashed,
and the West will shake with fear.
But the Americans will
send nuclear warheads.
Icarus will swat them from the sky.
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
You will destroy us.
- You would kill your own son?
- The son I knew died long ago.
(GROANING)
(SPEAKING KOREAN)
(FIRES GUN)
ELECTRONIC VOICE: Caution. Caution.
- Manual.
- Up!
Manual.
- Up! Up!
- Caution. Caution.
- Manual. Manual.
- Come on!
Okay, guys.
Okay.
I got it.
My, my. You get around.
Let's see your gun.
Left hand.
That's it.
That's it. Now drop it.
(CLUNKS)
Looks like your friends have bailed.
Push on autopilot.
Come on.
That's it. Good girl.
Well, drowning you didn't seem to work.
I'll have to try something
more to the point.
1,000 meters and closing.
I can read your every move.
Read this.
Bitch.
Look, parachutes for the both of us.
Not anymore.
You see, Mr. Bond,
you can't kill my dreams.
But my dreams can kill you.
Time to face destiny.
Time to face gravity.
(SCREAMING)
JINX: I think I broke her heart.
Looks like we're going down together.
Not yet.
- Get the back open.
- Okay.
Come on!
- Come on. Come on.
- I told you I was a jinx.
I should have warned you.
My relationships don't last either.
- At least we're gonna die rich.
- Huh?
(JINX LAUGHING)
Come on. Come on, come on. Come on.
Come on.
Now,
you said something about
going down together?
(MOOING)
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
- James.
- Moneypenny.
Oh, James.
Moneypenny?
I was just testing it out.
- It's rather hard, isn't it?
- Yes. Very.
JINX: Wait, don't pull it out.
I'm not finished with it yet.
BOND: See? It's a perfect fit.
JINX: Uh-huh.
- JINX: Leave it in.
- Well, it's gotta come out sooner or later.
No, leave it in, please. Few more minutes?
We really have to get these back.
Still the good guys, huh?
I'm still not quite sure how good you are.
I am so good.
Especially when you're bad.
(CHUCKLING)
(DIE ANOTHER DAY PLAYING)
(SINGING) I'm gonna wake up
Yes and no
I'm gonna kiss Some part of
I'm gonna keep this secret
I'm gonna close my body now
I'm gonna break the cycle
I'm gonna shake up the system
I'm gonna destroy my ego
I'm gonna close my body now
My body now
I guess I'll die another day
I'm gonna avoid the cliche
I'm gonna suspend my senses
I'm gonna delay my pleasure
I'm gonna close my body now
My body now
Another day
(LAUGHING)
I need to lay down
Subtitles downloaded from Podnapisi.NET